Thank you for using Homes!

The following terms of service are a binding legal agreement between you and Homes that govern your right to use the platform from Homes rental services. When used in these Terms, “Homes”, “we”, “us”, or “our” refers to the Homes entity that this agreement is done with.

The Homes rental platform is an online marketplace that enables users to browse and discover rental properties as well as list their own properties to find renters. We offer these services in exchange for small payments from property renters and property owners both. The payments we receive from property renters are done via key purchases and listing fees. 

Each key enables a renter to unlock contact information of property owners. Users can use the unlocked information to contact property owners and schedule appointments to check out the place they are interested in. If indeed the place they are interested in turns out to be satisfactory, renters can get into a contract agreement with owners based on their own terms. The Homes service provider does not partake in the contract agreement between renters and owners. If renters are not satisfied with the property they inspected, they can move on towards browsing for other properties. The original payment they made to unlock the property they have just declined will not be refunded. We have set the unlocking fees very small so that renters can feel comfortable unlocking a good number of properties and inspect all of them to find their perfect fit. 

On the other hand, property owners will be charged a small amount of money (depending on their listing types) when listing their properties. After that small payment, owners will no longer have to pay us any more fees during the process of renting out the property they just listed. If their property is not rented out within 30 days, we will give the option of refunding the listing payment and removal of their listing from our platform. 

Homes platform will not be responsible for any disagreements that may arise between renters and property owners. We will do our best to assure that any user we bring to our platform abides by the law. 